Harfang lab minor updates (#19281)
demisto/content: Packs/HarfangLabEDR/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations
##### Hurukai

> - Switched support metadata from community to partner
> - Added the HarfangLab's logo
> - Improved the main documentation of the connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moved pack support to partner.
- Added author image.
- Improved the connector documentation.
```
